Document connection protocols and ciphers docs (#2815)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/SECURITY.md

### Users and roles created by epiphany

> By default, Epiphany creates user operations that is used to connect to machines with admin rights on every machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Epiphany creates user 'operations' that is used to connect to machines with admin rights on every machine.
```

> This setting can be changed in Epiphany yaml configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting can be changed in Epiphany initial yaml manifest.
```
Did you mean that?

Author: This should be done at configuration level.

          chacha20-poly1305@openssh.com,aes256-gcm@openssh.com,aes128-gcm@openssh.com,aes256-ctr,aes192-ctr,aes128-ctr
        - macs:  
          hmac-sha2-512-etm@openssh.com,hmac-sha2-256-etm@openssh.com,umac-128-etm@openssh.com,hmac-sha2-512,hmac-sha2-256,umac-128@openssh.com
        - kexalgorithms:  
          curve25519-sha256@libssh.org,ecdh-sha2-nistp521,ecdh-sha2-nistp384,ecdh-sha2-nistp256,diffie-hellman-group-exchange-sha256

2. HAProxy:

    - protocols:  
      TLSv1.2

    - ciphersuites:  
      ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:
      ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305:ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305:DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:
      DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384

3. Kafka:

    - protocols:  
      TLSv1.2,TLSv1.1,TLSv1

    - ciphersuites:  
      Depends on version of Java and for Java versions older than 8u161 on JCE policy file. From update 8u161 JCE policy
      file is not needed to enable restricted ciphers as all ciphers are enabled by default. Documentation about ciphers
      is available under [link](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/SunProviders.html).

> 4. Open Distro:

Reviewer: Hmm, could you verify if it supports tlsv1.3? Not sure what OpenSSL version is required/privded.
https://github.com/opendistro-for-elasticsearch/security/blob/86d6292d7b2649363437e558ce3fa71c1a3b2afc/src/main/java/com/amazon/opendistroforelasticsearch/security/ssl/DefaultOpenDistroSecurityKeyStore.java#L751

Author: In our configuration it doesn't support, as you need to change template or do such things manually. And here we are mentioning only protocols setup by Epiphany.

### Connection protocols and ciphers used by components in Epiphany

Below you can find list of cipersuites and protocols used for communication set in Epiphany on per component basis. This

> doesn't contain information about deprecated components: Apache Ignite, Istio, Hashicorp Vault.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6271862/147463820-7639e413-e176-4a33-94d0-aff98c6c21a7.png)

Reviewer 2: This is about 'deprecated' components

Author: Changed to potentially deprecated.

      DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384

3. Kafka:

    - protocols:  
      TLSv1.2,TLSv1.1,TLSv1

    - ciphersuites:  
      Depends on version of Java and for Java versions older than 8u161 on JCE policy file. From update 8u161 JCE policy
      file is not needed to enable restricted ciphers as all ciphers are enabled by default. Documentation about ciphers
      is available under [link](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/security/SunProviders.html).

4. Open Distro:

    - protocols:  
      TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2

    - ciphersuites:  
      ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
      ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384 ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256 DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA256 DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256 ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA
      ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA

5. Kibana:

    - protocols:  
      TLSv1.1,TLSv1.2

    - ciphersuites:  
      ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384 ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256 ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA384
      ECDHE-RSA-AES256-SHA ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA AES256-GCM-SHA384 AES128-GCM-SHA256 AES256-SHA256 AES128-SHA256
      AES256-SHA AES128-SHA

> 9. Grafana:

Reviewer 2: There is something strange with the list order

Author: This is the output from the cipherscan tool, I will leave as it is.
